Enable NodeFeature API by default (#1329)
kubernetes-sigs/node-feature-discovery: docs/reference/worker-commandline-reference.md

### -enable-nodefeature-api

The `-enable-nodefeature-api` flag enables/disables the
[NodeFeature](../usage/custom-resources.md#nodefeature) CRD API
for communicating with nfd-master, by default nfd-worker will create per-node
NodeFeature objects the contain all discovered node features and the set of

> feature labels to be created. This will also automatically disable/enable the
> gRPC communication to nfd-master.

Reviewer: The last sentence feels somehow out-of-context

```suggestion
feature labels to be created. Setting the flag to false will enable
gRPC communication to nfd-master.
```
